# certified-csr(1) -- generate certificate signing requests

## SYNOPSIS

`certified-csr` [`--bits`=_bits_] [`--ca`] [`--crl-url`=_crl-url_] [`--days`=_days_] [`--db`=_db_] [`--encrypt`] [`--issuer`=_issuer_] [`--issuer-name`=_issuer-name_] [`--name`=_name_] [`--ocsp-url`=_ocsp-url_] [`--password`=_password_] [`C`=_country_] [`ST`=_state_] [`L`=_locality_] [`O`=_organization_] [`OU`=_org-unit_] `CN`=_common-name_ [`+`_dns_[_..._]] [`+`_ip_[_..._]] [`+`_id_:_value_[_..._]]

## DESCRIPTION

Generate a certificate signing request.

Additional DNS names, including wildcards, and IP addresses can be added to the certificate using the `+` option.

## OPTIONS

* `--bits`=_bits_:
  Bits to use for the private key (defaults to _2048_).
* `--ca`:
  Request that this certificate be a CA certificate.
* `--crl-url`=_crl-url_:
  CRL distribution URL for the intermediate CA.
* `--days`=_days_:
  Days until the certificate expires (defaults to _3650_).
* `--db`=_db_:
  OpenSSL database directory (defaults to _etc/ssl_).
* `--encrypt`:
  Encrypt the private key (with _password_, if given).
* `--issuer`=_issuer_:
  Common name of an alternative CA certificate.
* `--issuer-name`=_issuer-name_:
  Filename of the alternative CA certificate (default derived from the alternative CA common name).
* `--name`=_name_:
  Filename to use (default derived from the certificate common name).
* `--ocsp-url`=_ocsp-url_:
  OCSP responder URL.
* `--password`=_password_:
  Password for the private key (implies `--encrypt`).
* `C`=_country_:
  Certificate country (defaults to the CA country).
* `ST`=_state_:
  Certificate state (defaults to the CA state).
* `L`=_locality_:
  Certificate Locality (usually a city; defaults to the CA locality).
* `O`=_organization_:
  Certificate organization (usually a company; defaults to the CA organization).
* `OU`=_org-unit_:
  Certificate organizational unit (usually a department or group; defaults to the CA organizational unit).
* `CN`=_common-name_:
  Certificate common name (usually a domain name).
* `+`_dns_, `+`_ip_:
  Add a DNS name or IP address to the certificate's subject alternative names.
* `+`_id_:_value_:
  Add any SAN field to the certificate's subject alternative names, ie: URI:mailto:nobody@example.com.

## THEME SONG

Led Zeppelin - "Fool in the Rain"

## AUTHOR

Richard Crowley <<r@rcrowley.org>>

## SEE ALSO

`certified`(1), `certified-ca`(1), `certified-ls`(1), `certified-yaml`(1)

`certified-crt`(1), `certified-revoke`(1)

`openssl`(1), `genrsa`(1), `req`(1), `x509`(1)

<https://github.com/rcrowley/certified/wiki>
